now been inundated with people ask me to
do back to school type recipes or simple
snack recipes that take absolutely no
time whatsoever I've also had a lot of
people ask me what is my favorite snack
to make they requires almost no effort
so today I'm going to show you one of my
personal all-time favorites that I'd
like to do especially during the hotter
weather now while this isn't a recipe
it's a fantastic idea that I know you
all love that I just had to share with
you and this is just how simple it is on
how to make your own paddle pop frozen
yogurts at home and incredibly healthy
too of course it comes down to the top
of yogurts you want to choose on
choosing this one not say I'm 98%
fat-free yogurt so all you have to do is
with a knife just put a little
indentation just in the top not too much
then we're going to grab some paddle pop
sticks now got these from the bargain
shopping with that work they work at
very very cheap i think it's works at
about one set each so just going to put
that through the top just like that and
we're going to place this in the freezer
for about say four to five hours until
the completely frozen okay so I'm just
taking this out of the freezer and I had
it sitting there overnight it's going to
Detective trouble so one of those i run
the outside under a hot water tap so you
should find it should just pop right out
and there we have it and it literally
took ten seconds to make so if you're
looking for that super simple easy
summer treat to make that everyone will
love kids and adults alike and with
absolutely no work involved whatsoever
this is a perfect trick to have a hot
day and honestly even on a cold day and
depending on which one you choose it's
also relatively healthy but the best
part is you can choose your favorite
yogurt so you know it's going to taste
simply delicious i said it's not a
recipe but it is a fantastic idea for
those people who'll be looking for a
super easy snack to make that just takes
seconds thank you for watching this
episode of Todd's kitchen please check
out the links below to my Facebook
Twitter
handy hints Channel whereupon 3d videos
every single week and until then please
give this video a thumbs up leave a
comment and subscribe and I'll see you
next time for another delicious recipe